feat(popover-dialog): Create PopoverDialog component (#925)
lumapps/design-system: packages/site-demo/content/product/components/popover-dialog/index.mdx

# PopoverDialog

**PopoverDialogs are [Popovers](/product/components/popover) with a [dialog accessible pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/example-index/dialog-modal/dialog.html) applied to it.**

<DemoBlock orientation="horizontal" demo="default" />

### Accessibility concerns

This component should be used when popovers contains complex content with multiple interactive elements.

As this component uses the `dialog` accessible pattern, a few specific behaviors are applied:

- When the popover is opened, focus will be set on either the element set using the `focusElement` prop or the first focusable element.
Once the focus is set within the popover, it will be trapped and stay within the popover until it is closed.

> - A `label` must be defined using either `label`, `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` props.
> Setting the `label` prop will apply an `aria-label` to the dialog but `aria-labelledby` can also be used to target
> a visible element as popover title.

Reviewer: Some minor fix and also maybe we could recommend `aria-labelledby` more than `aria-label` ?
```suggestion
- A label must be defined using either `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` props.
  Setting `aria-labelledby` is recommended as it target a visible label rather than adding an invisible `aria-label` on the dialog.
```

Author: Sure. I've also inverted the types priorities so that the first error to popup is for the missing `aria-labelledby` prop. :)
